test: improve development performance (#497)
vuestorefront/sfui2: packages/tests/README.md

* component - component that will be tested
* all props and children will be passed directly to the original component (with Vue `ref`s being reactively unwrapped).

## Coverage

Currently code coverage is implemented only for `vue`.
Coverage can be checked locally, by running `yarn test:ci:vue` in `root` directory or `yarn test:ci` in `apps/preview/vue` directory.

> Additionally for checking just one test file you can run `SPEC=VsfAccordionItem && yarn test:ci` then cypress headless tests and generation report will run only for specified component name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if to run only a single test file you can use command like: `SPEC=VsfAlert && yarn test:ci`. It will run cypress headless tests and generation report only for specified component test file (`VsfAlert` in this example).
```
